README.md, before:

# Phaser + ES6 + Webpack.
#### A bootstrap project to create games with Phaser + ES6 + Webpack.

![Phaser+ES6+Webpack](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lean/phaser-es6-webpack/master/assets/images/phaser-es6-webpack.jpg)

[![js-standard-style](https://cdn.rawgit.com/feross/standard/master/badge.svg)](https://github.com/feross/standard)


## Features
- ESLINT with JavaScript Standard Style configuration
- Next generation of Javascript
- Browsers are automatically updated as you change project files
- Webpack ready
- WebFont Loader

## Typescript 
If you need typescript support checkout the ```typescript``` branch. Thanks to @MatsMaker

# Setup
You'll need to install a few things before you have a working copy of the project.

## 1. Clone this repo:

Navigate into your workspace directory.

Run:

```git clone https://github.com/lean/phaser-es6-webpack.git```

## 2. Install node.js and npm:

https://nodejs.org/en/


## 3. Install dependencies (optionally you can install [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)):

Navigate to the cloned repo's directory.

Run:

```npm install``` 

or if you chose yarn, just run ```yarn```

## 4. Run the development server:

Run:

```npm run dev```

This will run a server so you can run the game in a browser. It will also start a watch process, so you can change the source and the process will recompile and refresh the browser automatically.

To run the game, open your browser and enter http://localhost:3000 into the address bar.


## Build for deployment:

Run:

```npm run deploy```

This will optimize and minimize the compiled bundle.

## Deploy for cordova:
Make sure to uncomment the cordova.js file in the src/index.html and to update config.xml with your informations. (name/description...)

More informations about the cordova configuration:
https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/latest/config_ref/

There is 3 platforms actually tested and supported : 
- browser
- ios
- android

First run (ios example):

```
npm run cordova
cordova platform add ios
cordova run ios
```

Update (ios example):

```
npm run cordova
cordova platform update ios
cordova run ios
```

This will optimize and minimize the compiled bundle.

## Credits
Big thanks to these great repos:

https://github.com/belohlavek/phaser-es6-boilerplate

https://github.com/cstuncsik/phaser-es6-demo

## Contributors

https://github.com/RenaudROHLINGER

Commit message:

Readme updated, door animation fixed

README.md, after:

# Elevator Action remake using Phaser game engine
#### Remake of the old Elevator Action game using ES6 and Phaser.

To create this game I used a template available here https://github.com/lean/phaser-es6-webpack
Also the README is inspired by this repo.

## Features so far
- player movement
- player shooting
- enemies spawning
- level1 in progress
- elevator can be controlled

# Setup
You'll need to install a few things before you have a working copy of the project.

## 1. Clone this repo:

Navigate into your workspace directory.

Run:

```git clone https://github.com/mazlixek/ElevatorActionPhaser.git```

## 2. Install node.js and npm:

https://nodejs.org/en/


## 3. Install dependencies (optionally you can install [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)):

Navigate to the cloned repo's directory.

Run:

```npm install``` 

or if you chose yarn, just run ```yarn```

## 4. Run the development server:

Run:

```npm run dev```

This will run a server so you can run the game in a browser. It will also start a watch process, so you can change the source and the process will recompile and refresh the browser automatically.

To run the game, open your browser and enter http://localhost:3000 into the address bar.


## Build for deployment:

Run:

```npm run deploy```

This will optimize and minimize the compiled bundle.

## Deploy for cordova:
Make sure to uncomment the cordova.js file in the src/index.html and to update config.xml with your informations. (name/description...)

More informations about the cordova configuration:
https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/latest/config_ref/

There is 3 platforms actually tested and supported : 
- browser
- ios
- android

First run (ios example):

```
npm run cordova
cordova platform add ios
cordova run ios
```

Update (ios example):

```
npm run cordova
cordova platform update ios
cordova run ios
```

This will optimize and minimize the compiled bundle.

## Credits
Big thanks to this great repo:

https://github.com/lean/phaser-es6-webpack
